.TH IGDAEMON "8" "February 2017" "igdaemon" "System Menager's Manual"
.SH NAME
igdaemon \- low-level userspace driver for iguanaIR devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B igdaemon
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This daemon acts as a user\-space driver controlling access to IguanaIR
devices. On Linux, it's an alternative to the kernel built-in iguanaIR
support.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-auto\-unbind\fR
Attempt to unbind busy devices.  Use with
caution.
.TP
\fB\-\-devices\fR
Implies \fB\-\-no\-daemon\fR.  List information about
connected devices.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-driver\fR=\fI\,DRIVER\/\fR
Use this driver in preference to others.  This
command can be used multiple times.
.TP
\fB\-\-driver\-dir\fR=\fI\,DIR\/\fR
Specify the location of driver objects.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\-file\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Specify a log file (defaults to "\-").
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fI\,NUM\/\fR
Set the verbosity directly.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-no\-daemon\fR
Do not fork into the background.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-auto\-rescan\fR
Do not automatically rescan the USB bus after
device disconnect.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-ids\fR
Do not query the device for its label.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-labels\fR
DEPRECATED: same as \fB\-\-no\-ids\fR
.TP
\fB\-\-only\-preferred\fR
Use only drivers specified by the \fB\-\-driver\fR option.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-pid\-file\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Specify where to write the pid of the daemon
process.
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Reduce the verbosity.
.TP
\fB\-\-receive\-timeout\fR=\fI\,MSTIME\/\fR
Specify the device receive timeout.
.TP
\fB\-\-send\-timeout\fR=\fI\,MSTIME\/\fR
Specify the device send timeout.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Increase the verbosity.
.TP
\-?, \fB\-\-help\fR
Give this help list
.TP
\fB\-\-usage\fR
Give a short usage message
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print the build and version numbers.
.PP
Mandatory or optional arguments to long options are also mandatory or optional
for any corresponding short options.
.SH NOTES
On linux, \fBigdaemon\fR conflicts with the kernel \fIiguanair\fR module. Thus,
this kernel module must be blacklisted when using \fBigdaemon\fR.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B igclient(1)
.br
.B lircd(8)
