.TH IGCLIENT "1" "February 2017" "igclient" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
igclient \- manipulate igdaemon-controlled iguanaIR devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B igclient
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program is an interface to and example of the IguanaIR API
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-device\fR=\fI\,DEVICE\/\fR
Specify the target device index or id.
.TP
\fB\-\-encoded\-size\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Check the encodes size of the pulses and spaces
from a file.
.TP
\fB\-\-execute\fR
Execute code starting at address 0x1fc0 on the
device.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-buffer\-size\fR
Check onboard RAM send/receive buffer size.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-carrier\fR
Check the carrier frequency for transmits.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-channels\fR
Check which channels are used during transmits.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-features\fR
Return the features associated w/ this device.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-high\-sink\-pins\fR
Check which pins are set to be high sinks.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-id\fR
Fetch the unique id from the USB device.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-location\fR
Fetch the bus and device indices for the USB
device.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-open\-drain\-pins\fR
Check which pins are set to be open drains.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-output\-pins\fR
Check which pins are set to be outputs.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-pin\-config\fR
Retrieve the internal pin state.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-pins\fR
Get the pin values.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-pullup\-pins\fR
Check which pins are set to be pullups.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-threshold\-pins\fR
Check which pins are set to be thresholds.
.TP
\fB\-\-get\-version\fR
Return the version of the device firmware.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-interactive\fR
Use the client interactively.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\-file\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Specify a log file (defaults to "\-").
.TP
\fB\-\-lcd\-text\fR=\fI\,STR\/\fR
Send bulk transfers of pin settings to display STR
on an LCD.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fI\,NUM\/\fR
Set the verbosity directly.
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Reduce the verbosity.
.TP
\fB\-\-receiver\-off\fR
Disable the receiver on the usb device.
.TP
\fB\-\-receiver\-on\fR
Enable the receiver on the usb device.
.TP
\fB\-\-repeater\-on\fR
Put the device into a mode that repeats signals.
.TP
\fB\-\-resend\fR=\fI\,MS_DELAY\/\fR
Resend the contents of the onboard buffer after
MS_DELAY.
.TP
\fB\-\-reset\fR
Reset the USB device.
.TP
\fB\-\-send\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Send the pulses and spaces from a file.
.TP
\fB\-\-set\-carrier\fR=\fI\,HZ\/\fR
Set the carrier frequency for transmits.
.TP
\fB\-\-set\-channels\fR=\fI\,CHANNELS\/\fR
Set which channels are used during transmits.
.TP
\fB\-\-set\-high\-sink\-pins\fR=\fI\,PINS\/\fR
Set which pins should be high sinks.
.TP
\fB\-\-set\-id\fR=\fI\,STR\/\fR
Set the unique id from the USB device.
.TP
\fB\-\-set\-open\-drain\-pins\fR=\fI\,PINS\/\fR
Set which pins should be open drains.
.HP
\fB\-\-set\-output\-pins\fR=\fI\,PINS\/\fR Set which pins should be outputs.
.TP
\fB\-\-set\-pin\-config\fR
Store the internal pin state.
.TP
\fB\-\-set\-pins\fR=\fI\,PINS\/\fR
Set the pin values.
.HP
\fB\-\-set\-pullup\-pins\fR=\fI\,PINS\/\fR Set which pins should be pullups.
.TP
\fB\-\-set\-threshold\-pins\fR=\fI\,PINS\/\fR
Set which pins should be thresholds.
.TP
\fB\-\-sleep\fR=\fI\,NUM\/\fR
Sleep for NUM seconds.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Increase the verbosity.
.TP
\fB\-\-write\-block\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Write the block specified in the file.
.TP
\-?, \fB\-\-help\fR
Give this help list
.TP
\fB\-\-usage\fR
Give a short usage message
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print the build and version numbers.
.PP
Mandatory or optional arguments to long options are also mandatory or optional
for any corresponding short options.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B igdaemon(8)
